# RebootToWindows
An Automator service to reboot to Windows from the Mac partition as nicely as you can reboot to Mac from the Windows partition.

## Installation
To install, download this project. Or clone it, or whatever you want to do. I'm not the download police. Just get `Restart to Windows.workflow` on your computer somehow, within the Mac partition. Once the project is downloaded, double-click the `Restart to Windows.workflow` file from Finder and select `Install` on the popup. Once the `workflow` is installed, you'll need to configure your Mac to allow it to change your settings, so that it can do what it needs to do. To configure permissions, open `System Preferences`, then click `Security & Privacy`, then click the `Privacy` tab, then `Accessibility`, then add `Finder` to the list of applications. You may need to search for `Finder` in the selection popup, because it is not registered within macOS as a normal application. You are now done with installation!

## How to use
To use this utility, make sure that Finder is in the foreground (i.e. `Finder` is shown next to the Apple logo in the top left corner of the screen). Then click on `Finder` in the top left corner of the screen, next to the Apple logo, hover over `Services`, then click `Restart to Bootcamp`. The tool will take over from there, clicking through the dialog boxes for you. I decided to have the application prompt you for your password because, if I were in your place, I wouldn't trust some random application I downloaded off the internet to hold my password. It also provides an additional layer of "Are you sure you want to do this?" and gives you a chance to chicken out. Once you have entered your password, you are free to go walk your dog or get a soda, and your computer will be booted into Windows when you come back.

## Quirks/Bugs
Unfortunately, you have to be in `Finder` to start this service. It was either that or ask you to add every application on your Mac to the list of applications which can control your Mac, which is a terrible practice for security reasons. I also regret that the `System Preferences` window will remain open upon your next login (assuming that you have chosen to have your applications reopen on login), but since `System Preferences` has to be open to reboot to Windows, and the last action I perform is clicking the "Reboot" button, I do not have a chance to close the window.
